with Saturday's opening round to spawn
due to an unfortunate opening lap
accident this was to be the first race
of the 2015 season Clio debutante ash
satin made a tremendous start from the
outside of the front row going side by
side with pole sitter ash hands down to
panic he'll Bend however that star was
bettered by an automobiles who shot from
row 3 into second place to set up what
was to be an enthralling race long
battle between himself and Ashley Saturn
the two cars were nose to tail for lap
after lap though the SV racing car long
wheels did those briefly ahead of their
distance only for his team BMR three
start with pyro rival to regain first
place at the very next corner at the end
of the race it all came down to that
last corner when Norton Eagles dived
inside Saturn the pair of them running
side-by-side briefly in the sprint to
the checkered flag Wharton is just
holding on from Saturn while team Pyro's
ash hand got in on the act as well to
take third place along with the fastest
lap of the race in a thrilling finish
water Neil's therefore the winner from
Sutton hand in third with Jordan still
fourth venture Lea Liddell and another
newcomer brett Smith the cook sport team
took their first silverware with Paul
Knapp winning the master's class yeah
and it was a great race for her for us
to watch wasn't it and and ended up with
a great result for you ding-dong battle
you left it pretty late didn't you that
was that was a tough day race I was a
can't fool a shot and he's a top driver
and he's definitely showed that you know
he's in this championship to do really
well that was just a proper proper race
Rob I understand rubbings racing in 10th
operate soon so I can accept that but
then there's Robin and there's banger
racing and that's what and does
elsewhere so to bring that into the
corruptor I'm sure I think it's not the
best thing to be doing but he set his
tone so I've continued like that they
just for the truth so not for me I
passed him into clear bias but I didn't
know that was the last lap I just saw a
sham come and I thought if we're gonna
get through we've got to get it done now
so just Teleca through that moment then
when you when you when you finally took
him that's when then corners really
where you need to go in wide to go good
exit
and it always leaves the door open and
there was there was half a gap there so
you know it's clear-cut you've got to
take the chance you've got it you've got
to stick your nose up and it paid off
next event on the Clio Cup calendar is
at Donington Park
that's all Saturday the 18th and Sunday
the 19th of April